(light beams whoosh)
(theme music begins)
♪ Oh, yeah, breathe in deep
♪ Trying to take the leap
♪ Believe you can fly
♪ Become the wind
♪ Soar beyond the unknown
(theme music continues)
♪ Can't hold back
this lightning speed ♪
♪ Trust your heart
will take the lead ♪
♪ Never turning back and
never letting fate decide ♪
♪ Skies ahead may not be blue
♪ That don't mean we
can't break through ♪
♪ Leave your cares behind
♪ We'll never know
until we try ♪
♪ So what can we say
♪ We'll blaze our own way
♪ We'll make it up
♪ We're cranking
up the altitude ♪
♪ Oh, yeah, breathe in
deep, gonna take the leap ♪
♪ Sail into the sky
♪ Over the horizon,
adventure waits ♪
♪ It's calling you
♪ Don't dare think twice
♪ Just take the dive
♪ Yeah, become the wind
♪ And soar beyond the unknown
♪ Chasing the
light of tomorrow ♪
♪ Illuminate a new,
and glorious world ♪
[Narrator] This is
the mysterious world
where Digimon live,
The Digital World.
Tai, Kari, and the
other Digi-destined
alongside their Digimon
partners head to a new stage
in their grand adventure.
(Digimon roars)
While Tai's party
was adrift at sea,
they witnessed a
Digimon digivolve
after eating another Digimon.
Surrounded by fearsome
sea predators,
the party is saved by
their friends who were able
to make it back in the nick
of time from the real world.
And the one who brought
them back was...
Kari? No way. How
did you get here?
(waves splashing)
(thunder rumbling)
Try to think. Who called
you here? Who was it?
I can't remember.
It was wild! There was
a huge, bright flash!
After that happened
we all ended up
back here in the Digital World.
-It was one big flash.
-(thunder rumbling)
[Tai] Is that another continent?
But what is that
black lightning?
Huh?
(beeping from Digivices)
[Izzy] Sorry to
startle you guys.
Huh?
I just installed an update
on all of your
Digivices. Check it out!
We had ours updated earlier.
I went ahead and added
the communication feature
between your
partners, and this...
(gasps)
[Izzy] The database
I extracted from
the Cloud Continent's fortress.
I put that into the
Digivice as a test,
and it seemed to work
well across the board.
It'll read a Digimon's
vital signs now,
enabling it to fully analyze
and display as much data
on them as possible. It should
be a big help from now on.
Whoa!
Also, we have some
important information
that we really need to
share with you guys.
This is a nasty in-training
Digimon. It's called Zurumon.
They've been consuming our
world's network data as energy
and causing a lot of chaos.
It seems like they're still
active in various places
even now, causing power failures
and information leakages
across the world.
[Matt] You mean to tell
me even with Devimon
out of the picture our world
is still facing new disasters?
You're right, it's
super weird. I wonder if
it's somehow related to that
crazy outbreak of Zurumon.
(thunder rumbles)
-Are you okay?
-Huh?
Don't be scared, Kari.
My name is Agumon.
Agumon? (giggles) My
name is Kari Kamiya.
You're really cute, Agumon!
Nice to meet you!
You're not surprised or freaked
out by all these Digimon?
Hm?
(wings flapping)
This is my friend Patamon,
and my name is TK.
I'm Kari, nice to meet you.
Patamon is super cute too.
Is TK the brother you mentioned
to us earlier by any chance?
Sure is. It seems he
was called here as
the Celestial Digimon's partner.
[Sora] Wait, hold on a second.
So does that mean you're
the Celestial Digimon?
Mhm.
Whoa, didn't see that coming.
I guess I was expecting
you to look a lot different
but you're just like us!
Pleasure to meet
you, I'm Joe Kido,
and I am your fearless leader.
If you need anything at all
you just ask me! After all
I am the oldest one here
which naturally makes
me in charge of things
when it comes to decisions!
Hey Kari, listen,
do you have anything
that looks like this?
Hmm, uh-uh.
[Tai] Interesting.
Woo! Now that the introductions
are out of the way,
I'm gonna fly ahead and
try to scout a little.
I'm going too!
[Izzy] Wait!
Huh? Did I forget something?
Look at this. There's
a problem at NASA!
At NASA?
[Izzy] A system
error just occurred
during a scheduled
rocket launch.
The network's in chaos,
causing a malfunction,
and the pressure of the
engine is suddenly rising!
It's spiraling out of control!
(eerie music begins)
(explosion sound)
It just exploded!
[Izzy] They're
live-streaming the launch,
so a lot of information
is going around online.
And now the U.S.
and other nations
are scrambling around
to gather data!
(screaming)
(intense music
and winds gusting)
(kids whimper)
(Kari yells out)
You okay, Kari?
That was a close
one, thanks Tai.
[Sora] This black
lightning's intensity...
It's as if the
lightning is somehow
synchronized to our
world's disasters.
Mimi!
Oh, Palmon!
It looks like the
black energy's growing.
The responses online are
becoming intense too!
If the Zurumon are
behind all of this...
Then it's like what
happened earlier,
with Nidhoggmon and Devimon.
And someone's trying
to produce energy
from our world's chaos,
and use it to cause havoc
in the Digital World!
[Izzy] Which means
something bad is probably
about to happen in
the Digital World.
The Zurumon's activity
is just an omen.
In order to solve this...
We've gotta step up and
do something about it.
Yeah.
(lightning striking)
(cries out) Do something about
this scary lightning first!
I'm gonna puke!
Joe!
The lightning is
getting more intense.
Yeah, and it looks like it's
trying to target ElDradimon!
(lightning zaps)
Uh!
(intense music starts)
Leomon!
(Leomon groans)
Please be careful!
This is no ordinary
storm, child.
All of you need to
get out of here now.
If we stay here, we're
bound to fall into the sea.
What about you guys?
ElDradimon's wounds from the
miasma aren't healed yet.
We can't leave him behind.
So you guys head
for that continent.
I'm sure it's no
coincidence you came here.
To uncover your true purpose,
you must keep moving forward.
Leomon...
Hm.
-Hm.
(lightning and powerful winds)
Okay! Let's do this.
Can you help us, Biyomon?
Leave it to me.
Ready to boogie?
Ready when you are.
Biyomon digivolve to
Birdramon!
Tentomon digivolve to
Kabuterimon!
I hope you're ready, Joe!
Gomamon, wait a secon- ahh!
Gomamon digivolve to Ikkakumon!
Quick, hop on!
(Joe whimpers)
Hold on tight you guys!
(adventurous music plays)
(Leomon yells)
Farewell children!
Until we meet again,
we leave the fate
of our world to you.
(lightning strikes)
(children gasping)
(music intensifies and ends)
(electricity crackles
and wind gushes)
(boom)
Leomon.
[Kabuterimon] Don't look back.
Huh?
All we can do is move
forward from here. Hm?
What is that?
If we go any higher I'm
gonna cry, I mean it!
Try not to look down, Mimi!
Keep your eyes on the
horizon. We're almost to land!
[Ikkakumon] Ah, heads up!
What?
Hey Tai, looks like there's
some sort of movement on shore.
Yeah, I think I just saw it too.
Look out Tai!
(missiles launching)
[Kabuterimon] What's happening?
[Agumon] It's an ambush!
Watch Kari for me.
Uh, you got it.
-Let's go get 'em!
-Right!
Be careful, Tai.
Agumon digivolve to
Greymon!
Here they come!
(explosion and roars)
(rocks rumbling)
He's so cool.
(chittering)
[Tai] How many of
them are there?
These guys are gonna
try to eat us too!
[Izzy] Those are Tortomon!
Seems like they're at
the Champion level.
(rockets launch)
Now's your chance to land
while they're distracted!
Not letting up.
Not to mention they're annoying!
Hold on tight everyone! Ah!
(Mimi cries)
Birdramon! Prepare for landing!
Greymon, help them land safely!
Gotcha!
Ikkakumon!
Harpoon Torpedo!
Made it!
Gabumon!
Ready.
Gabumon digivolve to
Garurumon!
(Joe yells out)
Now's your chance. Go!
Appreciate it!
You saved us! We owe you one.
I gotcha!
Well, that was interesting.
That was fun, can
we do it again?
But you were literally
just crying about it.
(trilling)
Let's help them out Palmon!
Palmon digivolve to
Togemon!
Needle Spray!
(echoing ding)
(low chirping)
Now what?
What the?
(mountains cracking)
(explosion)
I think I'll just
stay over here.
(intense music builds)
(screams)
You've gotta be kidding.
What is that?
(computer bell tone)
(breath shaking)
(low growl)
(Tortomon squealing)
Uh, brutal.
Ahh! It's survival
of the fittest!
(shattering sound)
[Izzy] That's Groundramon. He
must be an Ultimate Digimon.
Now that he's eaten Tortomon,
his body energy
is rapidly rising!
(gasps) Back when we were
crossing the ocean, we saw
a Seadramon digivolve after
eating another Digimon!
They store the energy so
they can digivolve further!
(shatters)
[Kabuterimon] Looks like
Groundramon's targeting us!
[Togemon] So are we
on the menu next?
[Birdramon] Sure is
what it looks like.
Are you telling me this place is
even more dangerous
than the last one?
If we don't take
this thing down,
we'll never move forward.
Try not to become an appetizer.
Right back at ya.
(rumbling)
Quick everyone, scatter!
(ground blasts)
(Digimon exclaim)
-Togemon!
-No, Ikkakumon!
(Mimi cries out)
Let me go right now or you'll
regret it! Needle Spray!
It's not working,
he's too strong! Ahh!
I assure you I am
not that tasty!
Ahh!
-Greymon digivolve to...
-Garurumon digivolve to...
-Birdramon digivolve to...
-Kabuterimon digivolve to...
Metalgreymon!
Weregarurumon!
Garudamon!
MegaKabuterimon!
(whooshing)
(gasps) Whoa.
Trident Arm!
Now's your chance Izzy!
[Izzy] Right!
Horn Blaster!
Wolf Claw!
(laser sound)
-Togemon digivolve to...
-Ikkakumon digivolve to...
Lilymon!
Zudomon!
All right!
Now it's our turn
Lilymon! Let 'em have it!
Flower Cannon!
Vulcan's Hammer!
Huh?
My turn.
(shouts)
(battle music)
Did it work?
Watch out!
(powering up noise and
electricity crackle)
(all shouting)
Matt, are you okay?
Don't you worry, TK.
We're gonna be just fine.
Are you okay?
Hanging in there.
(roars)
Oh no, watch out!
Get back, Sora! Wing Blade!
(battle cry)
-Garudamon!
-Ugh!
Ugh that went well.
[Matt] Aim for the sides!
Got it.
(whirring)
Attacks on its skin won't work!
Maybe it's like armor!
Even so. Let's do
it Metalgreymon!
Right!
(grunts)
(electricity crackles)
(screams)
Tai.
(roars)
(singing in Japanese)
Okay, once I'm able to
open Groundramon's mouth,
hit him with
everything you've got!
(powering up noises)
Eat this!
(metal whirring)
Now, you guys!
Grr ah!
Horn Buster!
Wing Blade!
Flower Cannon!
Vulcan's Hammer!
(Japanese song continues)
(whistle tone)
Giga Blaster!
(explosion)
(song ends)
I can't believe it.
It actually worked!
(laughs in relief)
Coming across an enemy
as difficult as this
right off the bat is bad news.
If all the Digimon
on this continent
are at a similar
level to this, then...
(blast noise)
(gasps)
(metal clanging footsteps)
[Matt] AxelKnightmon.
[Sora] Who is that?
[Tai] He once tried to turn
Patamon into a Dark Digimon.
What's he doing here?
[Joe] So just to clarify,
he's not on our side, right?
[Mimi] One thing after
another in this place!
What is the deal?
(everyone screaming)
Come on, everyone!
Agumon, you sure you can fight?
(clang and whirring)
(clanging footsteps)
(wings flapping)
TK!
Patamon, wait!
Leave him to us.
We're gonna fight!
All of you have
protected us enough!
(digivice powers up)
(magical whirring)
Patamon digivolve to...
(gentle bell noises)
(gasps)
(twinkling sounds)
Angemon!
(soft and soothing music)
(music ends)
(upbeat music)
♪ We're falling rapidly
♪ Are we gonna lose it all?
♪ What is it you're
waiting for? ♪
♪ The headwind's signaling
♪ That we better
give this our all ♪
♪ Believe and push forward
♪ Is this the strength
we've been looking for? ♪
♪ Is this the reason we need
to kick down the door? ♪
♪ Is the seed of failure
sprouting into wings? ♪
♪ Does the past
decide the future? ♪
♪ So if you hope
to see a rainbow ♪
♪ You need to open
up your eyes ♪
♪ Take a helping
hand and understand ♪
♪ That it's time you realize
♪ If you wanna make
your dreams reality, ♪
♪ It may not be easy
♪ Just take a breath
and take a chance ♪
♪ Next thing you know,
♪ You're a shining
beacon in the sky ♪
[Izzy] Next up on the
Digimon Encyclopedia is...
Patamon! This Digimon
is TK's partner.
Patamon flaps through the sky
and inhales air with its entire
body to fire Boom Bubble.
Now, check this out.
Animals with big ears
find it hard to focus
from hearing too much.
But Patamon can tolerate
up to 80 decibels,
the noise level of a train!
Wait, are those even ears?
Which Digimon will
it be next time?
-(adventure music begins)
-[Narrator] The children
are separated and
fight for survival.
Will Tai and Agumon
be able to persevere?
[Tai] Next time on
Digimon Adventure,
The Children's
Fight for Survival!
[Narrator] The adventure
continues in a new world.